Test your knowledge

1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do? 
A. public, private, protected, internal, private protected, protected internal

2.What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to a type member?
A. Static indicates a member belongs to the type itself rather than any instance.
   Const defines a compile-time constant.
   Readonly defines a runtime constant which is set only during initialization or in a constructor.

3. What does a constructor do?
A. Initializes an instance of a class.

4. Why is the partial keyword useful?
A. Allows a class to be split across multiple files.

5. What is a tuple?
A. A data structure that groups multiple elements into a single object.

6. What does the C# record keyword do?
A. create a copy of immutable instance with changed properties. "with" keyword.

7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
A. Overloading defines multiple methods with the same name but different parameters
   Overriding provides a new implementation for a virtual or abstract method from base class in a derived class.

8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
A. Properties expose fields. Fields should (almost always) be kept private to a class and accessed via get and set properties. 
   Properties allows to change the fields while not affecting the external way they are accessed by the things that use your class.

9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
A. Use default value.

10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
A.  An interface cannot be instantiated and can only contain public function definations.

11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
A. Strictly public

12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method. = True

13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method. = True

14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method. = True

15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class.  = False

16.True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class.  = True

17. True/False. Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class. = True 

18. True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class. = True

19. True/False. In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the base class. = False (new keyword needed)

20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an implementation for all of the members of the interface. = False

21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that aren’t defined in the interface. = True

22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class. = False (Like Java)

23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface. = True